the news to be announced at the moment
is that Briana jackfruits n' is no
longer be
[Music]
Briona jackfruits in' was an OG player
in both the slacktivism game here on
youtube representing the vegan movement
and also in real world activism and she
had a huge huge advantage in that she
lived back and forth in london UK and
chiang mai thailand so she was really
connected to a lot of legit activists
and not so legit slack the vests and
YouTube personalities both via chiang
mai talent and in london UK london UK
remains one of the liveliest scenes for
animal rights veganism ecology you name
it many of those political movements I
personally find despicable but that's in
the story England is a long and colorful
history of animal rights activism it's
the country where the word vegan was
coined where the world's first vegan
foundation was created so on so forth
nevertheless
Briona today I found out has gone back
to eating meat and dairy gone back to
animal products and she says boldly that
she's never felt better
what what what yeah yeah
[Music]
this reminds me of another little
anecdote I chatted with someone on the
internet a couple of times who was
ostensibly a vegan activist she had a
website and she posted she posted images
propaganda images for the vegan movement
which of course she hadn't created
herself a lot of the images I posted I
did create myself even was just taking a
photo and adding a slogan or adding a
pie-chart
putting together some statistics I used
to put together my own vegan propaganda
the Internet other people wouldn't post
it also but anyway she seemed to be a
sincere aspiring vegan act advocate and
she had just finished college and moved
into the work force then one day so
casually she announced she was going
back to eating meat and I was I was
really shocked at that time that was the
first time I'd had that experience and I
mean I wasn't close to her but she was
some week I talked to a couple of times
and I'm glad I mean she actually did
reply to my message I wrote to her
saying look I'm just I'm just in stunned
disbelief that you would do this and I
got to hear her reasoning then I got to
your explanation for for why she made
the decision that that really stands out
in my memory because for me I mean it
absolutely never occurred to me that it
was possible that once someone had made
that commitment that they could ever
untie the knot it absolutely did not
occur to me that someone could unsee the
things that they've seen I mean like you
know this girl some of the images she
was posting were slaughterhouse footage
or you know you know the kind of things
telling you what a horrible the
production of milk is or how horrible
the treatment of lambs is to produce
wool and this kind of stuff you think I
had never even considered it I had never
thought through the possibility that
someone would take that step and then
after a couple of years take the step
back again and in her case her
justification was her health
and I remember I bookmarked her web
pages to come back she did post images
of what she was eating and you know when
she went it's not as if when she went
back to eating meat she was eating a
rigorously healthy diet I'll always
remember this is burned into my memory
when I checked back I think a couple
weeks after that conversation maybe
wasn't like a couple days she had a
photograph of some sausage rolls so meat
sausage rolls are little pieces of the
lowest grade of meat and then they roll
it in like a batter they roll it in like
a like a pastry and then they fry the
pastry I think I'm sure it's fried or
baked it's it's unbelievable
and there was this photo of it and she
said something like all I ate today was
some soda pop and sausage rolls like you
know you know she was complaining about
being busy that day and stuff your
justification for doing this terrible
unethical thing is that you want to have
optimal health like then you know what
kind of a carnist diet would you eat
what kind of a meeting there it could
that we mean if it were sincerely about
optimal health it wouldn't be pizza and
it wouldn't be you know sausage rolls
you know it's it's anyone look at this
point now this is more than five years
later now I've seen it all before done
it all before so many people
disappointed me so many people have
shown me that they can revert most often
is for emotional reasons but for
whatever reason they they have some kind
of personal crisis in their life and
they attribute the problem to veganism
and then they start to idealize
meat-eating as the solution and we get
to see just how little their political
ethical and ecological convictions are
worse our worth we get to see how little
their convictions are worth and we add
today
Breana jackfruits into that list of
names something that might stand out of
the memories for a few of you is this
before durianrider
tried to attack me at the the chain line
fruit
his enemy number one for two years in a
row I think was Breanna Jefferson she
was banned and she was kicked out from
the tie for vessel Janeway and she came
anyway she kept anyway she had fans
there and she made connections there and
at that time Derian riders denunciation
of breanna jackfruits and was that she's
not a vegan that she's not an animal
rights person that she is quote just an
eating disorder person close quote
I'll always remember that he said you're
just an eating disorder person that was
his judgment on Brianna Jeffords well
durianrider may be wrong about a lot of
things but he's not wrong about
everything
[Music]